README.md, before:

# Transmodel Ontology

A TransModel Ontology focused on Stops (Topography) and Scheduling


# Purpose and scope of the vocabulary

With the ultimate goal of enabling the provision of multimodal transportation services, the EU Regulation
2017/1926 is requiring transport stakeholders to allow access to their data in specific data formats (i.e.,
NeTEx, SIRI).

Currently, the requested data formats are rarely used, thus a data conversion is needed.   The
snap solution supports data conversion, decreasing the time required to perform it and hiding its
complexity. With snap transportation data will be compliant with the EU Regulation in a [snap](https://www.snap-project.eu).

# Development phases

The material generated in the different activities carried out during the development of the vocabulary, use
cases, user stories, glossary of terms, etc., will be available in the [Vocabulary Wiki](#)

# Project maintenance

To manage those incidents or suggested improvements with respect to the vocabulary, we recommend you to follow
the guides provided in [Issues Management](https://github.com/nombre-repositorio/wiki/issues-management) to
generate an issue (work in progress)

# Examples

Some [queries](https://github.com/repository-name/blob/master/examples/queries.md) will be performed in a
SPARQL endpoint to test and exemplify its operability.

Commit message:

Added base URI information into READ.ME

README.md, after:

# Transmodel Ontology

A TransModel Ontology focused on Stops (Topography) and Scheduling


# Purpose and scope of the vocabulary

With the ultimate goal of enabling the provision of multimodal transportation services, the EU Regulation
2017/1926 is requiring transport stakeholders to allow access to their data in specific data formats (i.e.,
NeTEx, SIRI).

Currently, the requested data formats are rarely used, thus a data conversion is needed.   The
snap solution supports data conversion, decreasing the time required to perform it and hiding its
complexity. With snap transportation data will be compliant with the EU Regulation in a [snap](https://www.snap-project.eu).

At the same time, the base URI https://w3id.org/transmodel/terms# is already reserved by Pieter Colpaert, in the context of work in a CEN Transmodel working group.

# Development phases

The material generated in the different activities carried out during the development of the vocabulary, use
cases, user stories, glossary of terms, etc., will be available in the [Vocabulary Wiki](#)

# Project maintenance

To manage those incidents or suggested improvements with respect to the vocabulary, we recommend you to follow
the guides provided in [Issues Management](https://github.com/nombre-repositorio/wiki/issues-management) to
generate an issue (work in progress)

# Examples

Some [queries](https://github.com/repository-name/blob/master/examples/queries.md) will be performed in a
SPARQL endpoint to test and exemplify its operability.
